Support OV IR / ONNX model file for Explainer (#47)
openvinotoolkit/openvino_xai: docs/source/user-guide.md

- **White-box** - treats the model as a white box, making inner modifications and adding an extra XAI branch. This results in additional output from the model and relatively fast explanations.
- **Black-box** - treats the model as a black box, working on a wide range of models. However, it requires many more inference runs.

## `Explainer`: the main interface to XAI algorithms

In a nutshell, the explanation call looks like this:

```python
import openvino_xai as xai

explainer = xai.Explainer(model=model, task=xai.Task.CLASSIFICATION)
explanation = explainer(data)
```

> There are a few options for the model formats. The major use-case could be existing OpenVINO Model instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a few options for the model formats. The major use-case is to load OpenVINO IR model from file and pass `ov.Model` instance to explainer.
```
